 
Burgers  -  Select burgers come with fries or a variant  -  Substitute a Ceasar Salad, Piston onion Rings or Tripple-X Buttery Creamy Garlic Fries for 3.85
add an egg to any burger for 1.50  -  add slice of cheddar or swiss for 1.50  



The Tripple-X BURGER  -  18.95

An old fashioned Juicy burger on a fresh-baked Tripple-X bun, piled high withbeef and 3 cheeses! 
Comes with grilled onions, fresh lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. 
served with a touch of mayo & our Tripple-X homemade dressing.
served with fries.
Add bacon or saueed mushrooms - 3.85



The Low Rider  -  12.25
Bacon Burger with grilled onions

This burger brings you back to the ol' school!
It's comin' to you riding low with savory bacon, grilled onions, jalapena, finger lickin' Tripple-X dressing, and a touch of mayo.
Served with French Fries.



The Chevelle S/S 396  -  12.50
Mushroom Burger

A mushroom utopia!
smothered With sautéed mushrooms, Piston Onion Rings lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, mayo, and Tripple-X dressing.
Served on a bes of Curly Q's and Piston onion Rings.
Served with a bed of curly Q's and Piston Onion Rings.



The 58 Impala  -  11.85
Double Bacon Cheese Buger
 
Juicy 1/2 1b burger piled high with bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions.
A slice of cheese, mayo, and our signature Tripple-X dressing makes this a burger lover's choice!
Served with French Fries.



The 49 Woody  -  11.35
Cheese Bacon Burger 

The 58 Impala's younger brother.  
Don't let the Size fool you; this guy packs some serious horsepower!
A beef patty topped with cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onion, mayo, and homemade Tripple-X dressing
Dressed with a helping of fries.



The El Camino  -  10.75
Patty Melt 

This delicious I/2 Ib. pattymelt
comes topped With Swiss Cheese ond all the grilled onions 
between two hearty pieces of toasted rye bread smeared with mayo and our signature Tripple-X dressing. 
Served with French Fries.



The Stuck In Traffic  -  10.75
Veggie Burger

This garden patty
is a slammin Choice for any burger fan. 
It comes topped with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and grilled onion.
With the mayo and Tripple-X dressing, you're sure to sit in traffic with a tummy full of garden goodness.
Add Fries  -  3.85



The White Wall  -  14.75
Chicken Fried Steak Burger

This scrumptious Old-fashioned Southern Chicken Fried
Steak is served in Tripple-X bun, Served with home
country Sausage gravy and french fries.
Add Jalapenos 1.50
Add Bacon  -  2.75



The No-Parking  -  16.75
Steak & Chicken Philly

Juicy chunks of chicken, Top Sirloin Steak, grilled onions.
Cilantro, bacon, pineapple chunks, jalepenos, melted Cheddar
and Swiss cheese, mayo, Tripple-X dressing ond fries. 



The 55 Cameo  -  15.25
Chicken & Cheese Philly

Grilled chicken, fresh grilled onions, cilantro, juicy
pineapple. thick bacon, melted Swiss and Chedddar cheese, mayo, our Tripple-X dressing and french fries.
Add Jalapenos  -  1.50



The 56 Cameo  -  15.85
Steak Mushroom Philly

Tender Top Sirloin Steak, souteed mushrooms, cilantro,
fresh grilled onions, melted Swiss and Cheddar cheese,
mayo, and Tripple-X dressing.
Add Jalapenos  -  1.50



The 57 Cameo  -  $14.75
Steak Philly

Lots of tender Top Sirloin Steak. fresh grilled onions on
cilantro, melted Swiss Cheddar cheese, mayo and Tripple-X dressing
cradled in french.
Add Jalapenos  -  1.50



The Cutlass 442  -  18.95
4 Meat Muscle

A meat lovers dream! Beef patty. thick grilled ham. delicious
bacon and a roasted hot dog! Topped With lettuce, tomatoes, 
pickles and a heap of grilled onions. Comes with curly Q fries.
Add Jalapenos  -  1.50


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
The 409 Tri-Power  -   11.75
BBQ Bacon a Ham Cheese Burger

A burger well worth Its name and built for power.
Beef patty topped With a Slice Of cheese, ham, lettuce,
tomatoes, Pickles and onions. 
Top it off BBQ sauce, maya and our Triple-X dressing 
served with Triple-X fries.



The Ford Roadster  -  12.25
Open faced Chili Burger 

With mounds of melted cheddar chese! 
our Tripple-X homemade chili will knock your socks off! 
Topped with tomatoes, onions ond diced Jalapenos.
served over a bed of french fries.



The 59 Caddy  -  10.85
Hamburger

A stock option for the person who enjoys the basics!
Savory beef patty, after the lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickles
- throw on the mayo ond Tripple-X dressing and you should
be all set! This Caddy rolls off the line with french fries.





The Rocket Super 88  -  12.25
Cheese Burger w/Chili Cheese Fries 

A classic cheese burger with a little gust-o!
Juicy beef burger Wlth American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles onion, mayo and Tripple-X dressing.
The kicker? A generous Side of Tripple-X Homemade Chili and cheese poured over the top of our frenbch fries!



The 56 F-1OO  -  6.85
Cheese Burger

Do you just want a cheeseburger?
This one's for you! 
A Juicy beef patty with Cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions, and our Signature Tripple-X dressing.
Add fries  -  3.75


